Please review and update as needed (#2)
flupes/svplume: journey.md

In 2008, we decided to quit our jobs and go cruising. Before the trip, we both
spent three months working full time on the boat to complete most projects left
on our to-do list. Once about ready, and with our four-year old son, we left San

> Francisco and started a two-year and 3,360 nautical mile journey, including 65

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Francisco and started a two-year and journey of 3,360 nautical miles, including 65
```
At the very least, restore the "s". Reverse form with of from chatgpt

days and 30 nights on the water as well as 46 stops. The journey took us along
the busy and cold coast of California, the wild coast of Baja California in
Mexico, the beautiful Sea of Cortez, and finally the lively west coast of
mainland Mexico between San Carlos and La Cruz. At the end of the journey, we

> trailered Plume back to San Francisco via road on a brand new trailer. Preparing

Reviewer: below (correction to non-changed text):
i think it should be "in" and not "on" 27 feet

Author: "on" is fine, because the abbreviation for "on a 27 ft boat"
